---
title: Psuedo-Random Numbers
special_judge: false
time_limit: 1 초
memory_limit: 128 MB
submissions: 204
accepted: 149
solved_users: 138
acceptance_rate: 73.016%
collected_at: 2026-04-17T11:27:58.844660+00:00
---

## 문제

Computers normally cannot generate really random numbers, but frequently are used to generate sequences of pseudo-random numbers. These are generated by some algorithm, but appear for all practical purposes to be really random. Random numbers are used in many applications, including simulation.

A common pseudo-random number generation technique is called the linear congruential method. If the last pseudo-random number generated was *L*, then the next number is generated by evaluating (*Z* *x L* + *I*) mod *M*, where *Z* is a constant multiplier, *I* is a constant increment, and *M* is a constant modulus. For example, suppose *Z* is 7, *I* is 5, and *M* is 12. If the first random number (usually called the *seed*) is 4, then we can determine the next few pseudo-random numbers are follows:

```

Last Random Number, L | (Z×L+I) | Next Random Number, (Z×L+I) mod M
----------------------|---------|----------------------------------
         4            |   33    |                9
         9            |   68    |                8
         8            |   61    |                1
         1            |   12    |                0
         0            |    5    |                5
         5            |   40    |                4
```

As you can see, the sequence of pseudo-random numbers generated by this technique repeats after six numbers. It should be clear that the longest sequence that can be generated using this technique is limited by the modulus, *M*.

In this problem you will be given sets of values for *Z*, *I*, *M*, and the seed, *L*. Each of these will have no more than four digits. For each such set of values you are to determine the length of the cycle of pseudo-random numbers that will be generated. But be careful -- the cycle might not begin with the seed!

## 입력

Each input line will contain four integer values, in order, for *Z*, *I*, *M*, and *L*. The last line will contain four zeroes, and marks the end of the input data. *L* will be less than *M*.

## 출력

For each input line, display the case number (they are sequentially numbered, starting with 1) and the length of the sequence of pseudo-random numbers before the sequence is repeated.
