---
title: "This Can’t Go On Forever"
special_judge: "false"
time_limit: "1 초"
memory_limit: "128 MB"
submissions: 77
accepted: 46
solved_users: 28
acceptance_rate: "52.830%"
collected_at: "2026-04-17T11:02:23.371946+00:00"
---

## 문제

“A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...”, so long ago, in fact, that the Empire did not exist and there were planets without space travel. In a far corner was a world in which the predominant pet, called tayes, reproduced by budding. Once a taye had separated from its parent, it took one time unit to mature to the point of breeding, which, coincidentally, was the length of time for a new bud to grow and separate from its parent. The tayes are extremely long-lived, so that it became important to investigate how many someone might have, assuming that at time zero the person did not have a taye, and at time one had acquired an immature one, freshly budded from the mature taye belonging to a friend.

This ends up giving the following recurrence: T(0) = 0, T(1) = 1, T(n) = T(n–1) + T(n–2), for n > 1.

Computing at the time involved unsigned binary numbers with 24 bits. That motivated a particularly curious inhabitant, Leon, to investigate the series generated by that recurrence, but constrained by a modulus — and not just the modulo 224 forced by computing hardware. So the question becomes how long a series of number is generated by this recurrence, subject to arithmetic with a particular modulus, before it begins repeating. Here are the first few series:

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Modulus** | **Front end of the series under that moduls** | **Length of the Period** |
| 2 | ***0 1 1*** 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 | 3 |
| 3 | ***0 1 1 2 0 2 2 1*** 0 1 1 2 0 2 2 1 0 1 1 2 0 2 2 | 8 |
| 4 | ***0 1 1 2 3 1*** 0 1 1 2 3 1 0 1 1 2 3 1 0 1 1 2 3 | 6 |
| 5 | ***0 1 1 2 3 0 3 3 1 4 0 4 4 3 2 0 2 2 4 1*** 0 1 1 | 20 |

The problem is to determine the length of the period for each modulus given in the input file and report it.

## 입력

The input file contains an indeterminate number of lines, each containing a single integer mod guaranteed to be in the range 2 ≤ mod ≤ 16777216 (224). The final line contains a 0 as end of data and should not be processed.

## 출력

For each modulus in the input file, print the modulus, one blank, and then the size of the smallest period of these T numbers under that modulus.
