---
title: De-RNG-ed (Large)
special_judge: false
time_limit: 5 초
memory_limit: 512 MB
submissions: 164
accepted: 62
solved_users: 53
acceptance_rate: 38.406%
collected_at: 2026-04-17T12:57:26.194620+00:00
---

## 문제

I want to make an online poker website. A very important component of such a system is the random number generator. It needs to be fast and random enough. Here is a compromise I came up with. I need a way to generate random numbers of length at most **D**. My plan is to select a prime number **P** ≤ 10**D**. I am also going to pick non-negative integers **A** and **B**. Finally, I'm going to pick an integer seed **S** between 0 and **P**-1, inclusive.

To output my sequence of pseudo-random numbers, I'm going to first output **S** and then compute the new value of **S** like this:  
`S := (A*S + B) mod P.`

Then I will output the new value of **S** as the next number in the sequence and update **S**again by using the same formula. I can repeat this as many times as I want.

Do you think that this is a good random number generator? Can you write a program that takes **K** consecutive elements of a sequence that was generated by my random number generator, and prints the next element of the sequence?

## 입력

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, **T**.  **T** test cases follow. Each one starts with a line containing **D** and **K**. The next line contains **K** consecutive elements generated by a random number generator of the kind described above.

### Limits

* 1 ≤ **T** ≤ 100.
* 1 ≤ **K** ≤ 10.
* The **K** integers will be consecutive elements of a sequence generated by a random number generator of the type described above.
* 1 ≤ **D** ≤ 6.

## 출력

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x is the case number (starting from 1) and y is either the next number in the sequence, or the string "I don't know." if the answer is ambiguous.
