---
title: Text Justification
special_judge: false
time_limit: 8 초 (추가 시간 없음)
memory_limit: 512 MB
submissions: 0
accepted: 0
solved_users: 0
acceptance_rate: 0.000%
collected_at: 2026-04-17T16:33:01.014633+00:00
---

## 문제

You are hired by the ∀I¶אΞ℘, an extraterrestrial intelligence, as a programmer of their typesetting system. Your task today is to design an algorithm for *text justification*.

Text justification is to equalize the line widths as much as possible by inserting line breaks at appropriate posi- tions, given a word sequence called a *paragraph* and the width of the paper. Since you have not developed an automatic hyphenation algorithm yet, you cannot break a line in the middle of a word. And since their language does not put spaces between words, you do not need to consider about spacing.

To measure how well the text is justified in one configuration (i.e., a set of lines generated by inserting line breaks to a paragraph), you have defined its *cost* as follows:

* The total cost of a paragraph is the sum of the cost of each line.
* The cost for the last line is defined as max(0, *s* - *w*).
* The cost for other lines are given by |*s* - *w*|.

where *s* is the sum of the widths of the words in the line, and *w* is the width of the paper.

Please design the algorithm which takes a paragraph and calculates the configuration of the minimum cost.

## 입력

The input consists of multiple test cases.

The first line of each test case contains two positive integers *n* and *w* (0 ≤ *n* ≤ 1000 and 0 ≤ *w* ≤ 1,000,000). *n* is the length of paragraph and *w* is the width of the used paper. Each of the following n lines contains one positive integer *ai* which indicates the width of the *i*-th word in the paragraph. Here it is guaranteed that 0 ≤ *ai* ≤ *w*.

The input terminates with the line containing two zeros. This is not a part of any test case and should not be processed.

## 출력

For each test case, print the case number and the minimum cost for the paragraph.
