---
title: "GUID Generator"
special_judge: "false"
time_limit: "5 초"
memory_limit: "2048 MB"
submissions: 22
accepted: 14
solved_users: 11
acceptance_rate: "61.111%"
collected_at: "2026-04-18T09:51:43.833294+00:00"
---

## 문제

Anna is preparing a new database for her web application, in which a Globally Unique Identifier (GUID) is assigned to each table row. Getting tired of the traditional random GUID generation method, Anna decides to try something new this time.

Anna finds a tree with $n$ nodes, where between each pair of nodes there exists one unique simple path (A simple path visits each node at most once). She assigns each node one hexadecimal character (`0-9` or `a-f`). To generate a GUID, she selects two nodes $s$ and $t$ (not necessarily distinct), and constructs a string by concatenating all the hexadecimal characters along the simple path from $s$ to $t$. This resulting hexadecimal string is then used as a GUID. Note that the GUIDs generated by this method do not have a fixed length. Besides, the GUID produced by the path from $s$ to $t$ may not be the same as the GUID produced by the path from $t$ to $s$.

Anna can generate different GUIDs by choosing different nodes $s$ and $t$. To ensure the quality of her GUID generation method, she wants to know how many unique GUIDs can be generated from the given tree.

## 입력

The first line of input has a single integer $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq 2\, 000$), the number of nodes in the tree. The nodes are numbered from $1$ to $n$. The next line contains a string of $n$ hexadecimal characters (`0-9` or `a-f`), where the $i$th character is the hexadecimal character assigned to node $i$.

The following $n-1$ lines each contain two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \leq u, v \leq n$, $u \neq v$), indicating that there is an edge between nodes $u$ and $v$. It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree.

## 출력

Output a single integer, the number of unique GUIDs that can be generated from the given tree.
