---
title: Video Reviews - 2
special_judge: false
time_limit: 4 초
memory_limit: 512 MB
submissions: 8
accepted: 2
solved_users: 2
acceptance_rate: 66.667%
collected_at: 2026-04-17T15:51:23.157453+00:00
---

## 문제

> Easy problem, just binary search the answer. Oh wait...
>
> You

The studio "Lodka Gaming" is engaged in advertising of their new game ".C.O.N.T.E.S.T: Unexpected Behaviour". The studio's marketer is planning to communicate with $n$ videobloggers one by one (*in the predetermined order, starting from the 1-st and ending with the $n$-th*), offering them to record a video review on the game. All people are different and videobloggers are as well, therefore the $i$-th videoblogger will record a review in two cases: either he is interested in this game, or there are already at least $a\_i$ video reviews on this game.

The studio wants to have at least $m$ video reviews in the Internet. The game designer of "Lodka Gaming" understands these video reviews possibly would not appear by themselves, so he wants to *convince* some video bloggers that they are actually interested in this game. Which minimal number of videobloggers are needed to be *convinced*?

## 입력

The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n \le 5 \cdot 10^7, 1 \le m \le n$) --- the number of videobloggers and the required number of video reviews.

As $n$ can be too large, the $a\_i$ values will be generated by linear congruential random number generators.

The second line contains two integers $a\_1$ and $k$ ($0 \le a\_i \le 5 \cdot 10^7, 0 \le k \le 10^5$).

Each of the following $k$ lines contains 4 integers $c\_j$, $x\_j$, $y\_j$ and $z\_j$ ($1 \le c\_j < 5 \cdot 10^7, 1 \le z\_j \le 5 \cdot 10^7, 1 \le x\_j < z\_j, 0 \le y\_j < z\_j$). $z\_j$ are prime numbers. All $a\_i$, except the first one, will be generated using these numbers. The first $c\_1$ of them will be generated using the formula $a\_i = (x\_1 \cdot a\_{i-1} + y\_1) \mod z\_1$, the next $c\_2$ --- using the formula $a\_i = (x\_2 \cdot a\_{i-1} + y\_2) \mod z\_2$, and so on. It is guaranteed that the sum of all $c\_j$ is $n-1$.

## 출력

Output a single integer --- the minimal number of videobloggers who have to be *convinced* to record a video review on the game in order to achieve at least $m$ total video reviews in the Internet.

## 힌트

In the first sample, $a = [2, 1, 3, 3, 4, 2, 3]$.

In the second sample, $a = [2, 1, 3, 3, 4, 3, 2]$.
